---
title: "Privacy & Cookies Policy | Hancock Plumbing Co. Inc."
permalink: /privacy-and-cookies-policy/
description: "Privacy and Cookies Policy for Hancock Plumbing Co. Inc."
layout: privacy
---

#### Privacy Policy

*Last Updated May 2016.*

Please read our Privacy Policy carefully so that you can understand how we collect, use and disclose the personal information that you provide to us.

#### What Information Is Collected?

We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way, such as via telephone, electronic mail, online or otherwise. Here are the types of information we gather:

**Contact Information:** We collect and retain personal contact information that you submit to us voluntarily and this includes, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, web address, telephone number, and e-mail address. Such contact information may be used, for example, to communicate with you when necessary with respect to transactions and services. Additionally, we may collect contact information provided to us during any correspondence relating to customer support or providing you with products and services.

**Demographic Information:** Our website provider may collect and store anonymous demographic information (such as your zip code), and use this data to tailor your experience on our websites, provide content that you might be interested in, perform general improvements to our website, and display the content according to your preferences. Such demographic information may be shared with partners, market researchers and other third parties on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis. No personally identifiable information will be linked to such aggregated demographic information that is shared with third parties.

**Other Information:** Our website provider collects and stores certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, servers track the type of web browser you are using and the page from which you link. Additionally, we log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer our website. Our website provider may track your movement within our website, the third-party website pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. Our website provider uses this information to gauge the effectiveness of our website, track information for statistical purposes and to improve products and services. We may use such information for marketing purposes, and to display information to you that we believe might be of interest. In addition, such information may be shared with partners, market researchers and other third parties on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis. No personally identifiable information will be linked to such aggregated information shared with third parties. Our website provider may supplement the information you provide us by acquiring publicly or commercially available information as available in the public domain or from third parties, for instance, to verify your address or to update your information and to create a profile of your preferences and tie your personally identifiable information to information in the profile, in order to improve the content of the website for you or to inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you.

**Cookies:** The website may use "cookie" technology for such purposes as enhancing your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through the website and making certain features work better. Cookies are text files which are commonly deposited by websites on a user's hard drive when the user visits a website. The file identifies a user's computer and can record the user's preferences and other data about the user's website visit. We do not extract information about individual users during this process. Your web browser may enable you to disable cookies, but please note that certain services may not function correctly without it and your experience on our website may be hindered.

**Third Party Cookies:** We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. These companies may collect and use information about your visits to this and other websites and your interaction with our products and services in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. However, no personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email address or telephone number) will be connected with such information. They may use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services and may be used to keep track of user response to each advertisement. These targeted advertisements may appear on our Websites or on other sites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag or cookies, which are industry standard technologies used by most major websites. If you do not want such companies to collect this information you may opt-out.

To learn more about the use of this information or choose not to have this information used by certain third-party advertising partners, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative at [http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices) or go to [http://www.adobe.com/privacy.html](http://www.adobe.com/privacy.html). Please note that if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.

**Telephone Recording and Monitoring:** To ensure our customers receive quality service, we select phone calls for recording and/or monitoring. These calls, between our customers (or potential customers) and employees, are evaluated by supervisors and/or other representatives. This is to guarantee that prompt, consistent assistance and accurate information is delivered in a professional manner. In contacting us or purchasing our products or services, you hereby consent to any such call recording and/or monitoring.

#### How Personal Information Is Used

**Our Use:** We receive and store any personal information you enter on our website or give to us voluntarily in any other way and, as permitted by law, may use it to contact you from time to time. We may contact you by telephone at the number your provided on registration, and may also send you information or offers from time to time to the postal address or email address we have on file. You further acknowledge that you are not required to agree directly or indirectly or enter into an agreement regarding our telemarketing efforts as a condition of purchasing any goods or services from us or our affiliates.

Personal information that we collect will be stored and processed in the United States, where it will be subject to the laws of that country.

**Agents and Service Providers:** Our website provider may engage other companies, individuals, and affiliates to perform certain functions and/or services. Examples may include processing credit card payments, removing repetitive information from customer lists, and offering electronic mail services. Your contact and financial information may either be collected by or shared with such third parties as necessary. Our website provider may contract with service providers to provide data collection and reporting services. When you visit our website, those service providers may collect information on our behalf about you in order provide us with aggregated data about our customers to assist us in conducting our business and delivering the more relevant products and services to our customers.

**Disclosure Required by Law:** We or our website provider may release account and other personal information when we are required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, in order to enforce agreements, or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is necessary or advisable, including for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our website provider or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, credit risk reduction or other similar purposes. We may retain your information in our files after you terminate all your services with us to resolve disputes, enforce an agreement, and to adhere to the technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our website.

#### Changes to Privacy Policy

Due to the constantly changing nature of our business, we reserve the right to change, update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time at our sole discretion, and will post any new Privacy Policy here. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our website. By going to our website or utilizing our services you are deemed to have consented to our Privacy Policy and will be bound by its terms.
